Update New Project Playbook (#61)
django-commons/controls: README.md

## New Project Playbook

Goal: Publish a new release of the project from django-commons repo to PyPI and Test PyPI, using the release workflow.

Assuming the repository name is `repo-name`:

```terraform
"your-repo-here" = {
  description = "Your project's description here"
  allow_merge_commit = true # Allow merge commits on pull requests
  allow_rebase_merge = true # Allow rebase and merge commits on pull requests
  allow_squash_merge = true # Allow squash and merge commits on pull requests - Recommended
  allow_update_branch = true # Allow updating source branch on pull requests
  has_discussions = false # Enable discussions in project's repository
  has_wiki = false # Enable wiki in project's repository
  admins = [
    # Include people who can release new versions
    "your-username-here",
  ]
  committers = [
    # Include people who can commit to main / merge changes
  ]
  members = [
    # Include people who can assign/triage tickets
  ]
}
```

### Pre Transfer Steps

> - [ ] Check if the repository meets [inbound requirements][3].

Reviewer: I would add to the pre-transfer steps to create the 'release workflows' PR in advance. I think it is something that can be done outside of a video call.

Author: I like this.

Do you think we should create the PR or should we ask the project owner to create it prior to the meeting? (It should not be merged before the actual transfer for sure).

Reviewer 2: maybe it can just be something like

> A PR to add the release will be necessary. This can be done either by the repo owner OR the Django commons org admins, but should be done prior to the video call. The decision is up to the repo owner

> The PR should NOT be merged before the video call

I am curious as to why it can’t me merged before the migration though 🤔

Author: Well, to be precise, it should not run before registering it in pypi with the relevant repo owner/name. Not merging it guarantees it won’t run.

The workflow needs to be registered in pypi with the owner/repo-name allowed to run it - and the owner is changed from the previous one to django-common as part of the transfer.

> - [ ] Confirm who will be the admins and maintainers for the repository

Reviewer: Extra thoughts from my notes

- Consider removing any admins that are no longer active
- Make sure the current contributors with some form of write access are members of Django Commons. Alternatively, they can apply for membership later and be added to the repository again.

Author: Removing admins/collaborators manually no longer needed, it will be done as part of the terraform import process - see this PR: https://github.com/django-commons/membership/pull/98

- [ ] Make sure the there are no teams `{repo-name}`, `{repo-name}-admins` and `{repo-name}-committers` in the Django

>   Commons organization. Teams can be viewed [here][teams]. The teams will be created by the terraform apply process.

Reviewer: I have written down in my notes that it is good to discuss the team structure we use during the move video call. Would that be something to add here?

Author: Perhaps review this with the project owner: https://github.com/django-commons/membership?tab=readme-ov-file#what-is-each-respository-team-for?

I would not want to create duplicate documentation.

- [ ] [Add repository owner to Django Commons as member](#new-member-playbook) (they'll be added to a team later)

### Transfer ownership in GitHub, test PyPI and PyPI.

These should be done by the project owner.

- [ ] Transfer the existing repository to the Django Commons organization using the GitHub UI, so old
  information is preserved. See [GitHub docs][gh-docs-transfer-repo].

>     - This step takes time, and therefore it is recommended to do this first.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:**
```suggestion
    - It takes GitHub a couple minutes to process the move, therefore it is highly recommended to do this step first. This will ensure enough time can pass before moving to the 'import into terraform' step.
```

- [ ] (project owner) PyPI project owner must add the Django Commons PyPI Admins (`cunla`, `stormheg`) as owners
  in [PyPI][pypi], and [test-pypi][test-pypi]

### Make GitHub repository managed by terraform

> - [ ] Terraform changes to add project to organization, should be included in the issue opened to transfer the project.

Reviewer: I have written in my notes to discuss our use of Terraform. For example, most changes normally done through the GitHub UI should now be done using Terraform. Adding new members for example.

## New Project Playbook

Goal: Publish a new release of the project from django-commons repo to PyPI and Test PyPI, using the release workflow.

Assuming the repository name is `repo-name`:

> ### Pre Transfer Steps

Reviewer 3: This section probably should include defining the terraform repo code as per https://github.com/django-commons/membership/pull/82 once it's done.

    - [ ] Add the release workflow to pypi.org's package publishing (and test.pypi.org's package publishing).
      Example can be found [here][pypi-publishing]

### Release a new version

- [ ] Have the maintainer push a new tag and walk them through the release process

>     - Find the workflow `Publish Python 🐍 distribution 📦 to PyPI` in the Actions tab.

Reviewer 3: This name may not always be the same. I shortened it for drf-excel because they don't use test PyPI

    - [ ] Add the release workflow to pypi.org's package publishing (and test.pypi.org's package publishing).
      Example can be found [here][pypi-publishing]

### Release a new version

- [ ] Have the maintainer push a new tag and walk them through the release process
    - Find the publishing workflow in the Actions tab (Usually  `Publish Python 🐍 distribution 📦 to PyPI`/`release.yml`)
    - The publishing to pypi job should wait for an approval by a repository admin.

### Follow up

- [ ] Set a calendar event or reminder for 30 days in the future to remove the previous repository owner from PyPI

>   project (if applicable)

Reviewer: Reconsider this step based on the notes from our admin check-in yesterday.
